---FILE DESCRIPTOR---

A file descriptor is an int variable that uniquely identifies an open file.

In C, like in most Unix systems, there are 3 standards file descriptors that are automatically added to the file descriptor table.
These file descriptors are the standard input/output file descriptor and always have these values :

0 : this file descriptor represents the stdin (=> standard input, the terminal). This is the file descriptor used when reading user input from the terminal.

1 : this file descriptor represents the stdout (=> standard output, the terminal). This is the file descriptor used when writing to the terminal.

2 : this file descriptor represents the stderr (=> standard error output, the terminal). This is the file descriptor used when writing an error to the terminal,
the information is written the same way, but a program which logs errors to a file can redirect everything written to the stderr file descriptor to a file. It's
managed in another way by the operating system.

Term --------------------------> Description
File Descriptor ---------------> This is the index of the File Table Entry in the file descriptor table.
File Descriptor Table ---------> This is an array of File Table Entry, each process gets its own File Descriptor Table.
File Table Entry --------------> A File Table Entry is a structure that contains informations about a file.
Global File Table -------------> This is a system wide table containing all files. (It can't contain all files at once but the operating system will automatically
									update the table if you request a file that's not in this table).

When you use a file descriptor, with the read(2) function for example, the following will happen :
1. Search for the file in the Global file table
	a. If the file is found, go to next step.
	b. If the file is not found, the operating system will update the Global file table to make the requested file available, then go back to step 1.
2. Create a File table entry in the File descriptor table for the requested file.
3. Assign the first unused File descriptor to the created file table entry.

---open()---

This function will allow you to open and access a file:
int open (const char* path, int flags [, int mode ]);

Path: corresponds to title or location of the file that you would like to open/create.
Flags: types of access you want for the file:
	O_RDONLY: In read-only mode, open the file.
	O_WRONLY: In a write-only mode, open the file
	O_RDWR: Open the file in reading and write mode
	O_CREAT: This flag is applied to create a file if it doesn’t exist in the specified path or directory
	O_EXCL: Prevents the file creation if it already exists in the directory or location.
Return value: a file descriptor, a small, nonnegative integer that is an index to an entry in the process's table of open file descriptors. If there is an error
			somewhere, the function will return -1 as a synonym of failure.

---read()---

ssize_t read(int fildes, void *buf, size_t nbyte);
This function attempts to read nbyte bytes of data from the object referenced by the descriptor file into the buffer pointed to by buf.  The read() function
starts at a position given by the pointer associated with fildes. At the end, the pointer is incremented by the number of bytes (nbyte) actually read.

---STATIC VARIABLES---
Static variables have the property of preserving their value even after they are out of their scope! Hence, a static variable preserves its previous value
in its previous scope and is not initialized again in the new scope.

Facts:
1. A static int variable remains in memory while the program is running. A normal or auto variable is destroyed when a function call where the variable was
declared is over.
2. Static variables are allocated memory in the data segment, not the stack segment. (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/memory-layout-of-c-program/)
3. Static variables (like global variables) are initialized as 0 if not initialized explicitly. (without assigning a value later in the code https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/g-fact-53/)
4. In C, static variables can only be initialized using constant literals. (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/g-fact-80/)
5. Static global variables and functions are also possible in C/C++. The purpose of these is to limit the scope of a variable or function to a file. (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/what-are-static-functions-in-c/)
6. Static variables should not be declared inside a structure.
